What's going on?
What's the situation What's the situation What's the situation What's the situation What's the situation What's the situation
Ah, what is the situation? What is the situation? What is the situation? What is the situation? What is the situation? What is the situation?
What's going on? What's going on?
What's the situation? What's the situation? What's the situation?
What is the situation? What is the situation? What is the situation? What is the situation? What is the situation?
What's going on? What's going on?
What's the situation? What's the situation? What's the situation?
What's going on?
What situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation, what situation. Ah, what is the situation, what is the situation, what is the situation, what is the situation, what is the situation, what is the situation, what is the situation.